Update README.md (#20)
WICG/Realms-Initialization-Control: README.md

The only directives that revolve around realms security issues are `iframe` related such as the `frame-src` which suffers from the exact same problems as the `X-frames` header listed above.

### [ShadowRealms](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-shadowrealm/)

> While both proposals address realms related concerns, the needs ShadowRealms and the RIC proposal answer are almost completely non-overlapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While both proposals address realms related concerns, the needs ShadowRealms and the RIC proposal answer are orthogonal.
```
